Version 0.8.8
-------------
Fixed an issue with dfSummary() where reported percentages could exceed 100% under
particular circumstances. Fixed issue with groups not being properly updated
when used in Shiny apps. Fixed caracter encoding issues.


Version 0.8.7
-------------
Fixed an issue with dfSummary() when missing values were present with whole numbers.
Fixed an issue with descr() where group was not shown for the first group when
omitting headings.

Version 0.8.6
-------------
In dfSummary(), the Label column now has proper line breaks in its html version;
also, in lists of values with frequencies, digits are omitted for integer variables
and for numerics containing whole numbers only. Fixed an error when using the %>% pipe
operator with dfSummary(). Fixed a calculation error for coefficient of variation (cv)
in descr(). For ctable() html outputs, '<' and '>' are properly escaped when appearing
in row or column names. 

Version 0.8.5
-------------
Time intervals in dfSummary() now use lubridate::as.period(). In dfSummary(),
line feeds in ascii barplots now displayed correctly, and string
trimming is applied consistently. In ctable(), argument 'useNA' now correctly
accepts value "no". 

Version 0.8.4
-------------
Method for calculating number of bins in dfSummary() histograms changed from
nclass.FD() to nclass.Sturges(). Removed extra space in dfSummary() with time
objects. Allowed one more value for frequency counts in dfSummary() when "[1 other
value]" was displayed; this actual value is now displayed instead. 

Version 0.8.3
-------------
Introduced global options with st_options(). In all functions, argument
'split.table' becomes 'split.tables' as per changes in the 'pander' package.
Argument 'omit.headings' added to all main functions. New logical options for
freq(): 'totals' and 'display.nas'. In descr(), Q1 and Q3 were added; also,
the order in the 'stats' argument is now retained in the output table. In
dfSummary(): number alignment improvement, fixed frequencies not appearing
when value 0 was present, fixed arguments 'valid.col' and 'na.col' being
unresponsive, and fixed warnings when generating graphics columns. Also in
dfSummary(), the 'graph.magnif' argument now allows shrinking or enlarging
graphs. For the print() and view() functions, argument 'html.table.class' has
changed to 'table.classes' and its usage is simplified (please refer to docs for
details). CSS class 'st-small' can be used to make html tables smaller by slightly
reducing font size and cell padding. 

Version 0.8.2
-------------
Fixed performance issue with numerical data having a large range. Fixed missing
linefeeds in dfSummary text barcharts. Added support for Date / POSIXt objects.
Improved support for lapply() when used with freq(). 

Version 0.8.1
-------------
Added vignettes. Improved handling of negative column indexing by the parsing
function. Fixed issue with all-NA factors in dfSummary(). Changed column for
displaying "All NA's" for numerical vectors in dfSummary. Fixed issue with graphs
in dfSummary. Removed accentuated characters from docs. 

Version 0.8.0
-------------
Introducing graphs in dfSummary results. Improved alignment of numbers in both
html and ascii tables. Cleanup in css and upgrade to Bootstrap 4 beta. Added
rudimentary support for lapply() to be used with freq(), and improved support
for by() and with() with descr(), freq(), and ctable(). Some backward compatibility
notes: in dfSummary(), parameter name 'display.labels' now corresponds to
'labels.col', for consistency reasons. Also, see Notes for Version 0.6.9 about the
'file' parameter. 

Version 0.7.0
-------------
(Released on GitHub only). Changes introduced in 0.6.9 have been further tested and
enhanced. Improved alignment in cells having counts + proportions.  Updated the
vignette to reflect latest changes and added examples using the included datasets
('exams' and 'tobacco'). dfSummary()'s last column now includes counts and percentages
of both valid and missing data. Internal changes: coding style has been reviewed to be
more standard; Roxygen2 is now used to generate help files. 

Version 0.6.9
-------------
(Released on GitHub only). Introduced ctable() for cross-tabulations. Added extended
support for printing objects created using by() and/or with() - variable names, labels
and by-groups are now displayed correctly. view() is now more than just a wrapper
function build around print.summarytools(); it is the function to use when printing
an object created using by(). Appending to summarytools-generated html files is now
supported. Most pander options stored in summarytools objects can now be overridden
when using print() or view(). freq() has an new parameter, 'order', allowing to order
rows by count rather than values sorted alphabetically. Alignment of numbers in
descr() observations table has been improved. An important change causing a minor
break in backward compatibility: the file= parameter must now be used with print()
or view(); its use with other functions is now deprecated. Environment variables keep
track of all temporary html files created during session, and also make it possible
to print lists of summarytools objects created using by().

Version 0.6.5
------------
Fixed a problem with dfSummary() which arose when number of factors exceeded
max.distinct.values. Improved the way dfSummary() reports frequencies on character
variables. Fixed problems with outputs when using weights. Added hashtags to table
headings to improve markdown integration. Added an option to generic print() function
to suppress the footer in HTML outputs.

Version 0.6
-----------
Added Introduction vignette. Fixed markdown output that would not render strings such
as <NA>. Improved multiline tables linefeeds. Introduced cleartmp() function to delete
temporary HTML files used with print method "viewer" or "browser". Modifications to
sample datasets. Bootstrap stylesheets now only include table-specific elements.
Changed the way method="browser" sends file path to browser for better cross-platform
compatibility. Improved results when using by(). Since version 0.5 was only made
available through devtools::install_github(), please see changes for that version if
updating from CRAN.

Version 0.5
-----------
Function descr() now also supports weights. Output from what.is() has been simplified.
Other changes are transparent to the user (but make the internals more consistent
across functions).

Version 0.4
-----------
Added cat() functions to fully support knitr's document generation. Also added sample
datasets so that users can experiment using summarytools functions with them. freq()
now supports weights.

Version 0.3
-----------
Another round of major changes.

  - Bringing in HTML table built with htmltools and viewable in RStudio's Viewer
  - function desc is renamed descr (mainly to avoid conflict with plyr's desc)
  - argument "echo" is deprecated; either display with pander or use as.table()
  - Returned objects are now of class "summarytools" and have several attributes that are used by print.summarytools
	  * st.type : one of "freq", "descr" and "dfSummary"
  	* date : date at which the function was called
  	* var.name & var.label : for 'freq', and also 'desc' when a single vector is used.
  	* pander.args : 'style', 'justify', 'plain.ascii', 'split.table'
  - print.summarytools has argument "method" that can be one of "pander", "viewer", or "browser", the last two being used to display an HTML version of the output, using bootstrap's css (getbootstrap.com)
  - rows indexing is "detected" and reported (function .parse.arg.x takes care of this)
  - rounding now only occurs at the printing stage


Version 0.2
-----------
Several major changes since version 0.1

  - 'unistats' is now called 'desc'.
  - 'frequencies' is now called 'freq'.
  - 'properties' is now called 'prop'.
  - shortcuts have been added to keep backward-compatibility.
  - 'desc' now accepts dataframes as first argument; factors and character columns will be ignored.
  - 'desc' can be transposed to suit one's preferences.
  - 'freq' just returns a matrix-table, not a list anymore.
  - in 'desc' and 'freq', no more argument 'display.label'. Those are displayed automatically when present.
  - rapportools is used instead of Hmisc for variable labels
  - function 'properties' was removed for now. Maybe reintegrated in a future update.
